Hey and welcome back.
In this video, we'll walk through the steps needed to
create your hapi js Hello World application.
To get started, go back to hapijs.com and click on Tutorials.
The first tutorial is to help get you up and running with hapi js.
To start, we'll need to create a directory for our project.
To do this, open your terminal.
I'll create mine on my desktop.
So, first I'll cd to my desktop,
and then make a directory called hapi-app.
Next, cd into this folder and type npm init to initialize npm for the project.
After initializing npm, type npm install hapi --save,
to install hapi js and write dependencies to your package.json file.
After this, you'll create the server script in Sails js.
This was done for you,
but we did something similar to this,
when we were getting started with Express.
To create this file,
I'll use touch server.js in my terminal.
Now that we have all our files ready,
we'll need to paste the server script code into our server.js file.
For this, I actually prefer to use the code shown on the homepage.
It's slightly different than that on the tutorial page,
but I find that it's quicker for me to get started this way.
So, I'll go back to the homepage,
paste in the code and save this file.
Perfect. Now, we have everything set up and we're ready to run our application.
To run the file, open your terminal and type in npm start, then hit Enter.
This creates an application you can view in your browser by going to your local host.
So, let's go to the browser.
Go to local host:colon8000/hello and there we go.
We're up and running with our hello world application using hapi js.